Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
On the 28th and 29th of April...
...The Nico Nico Choukaigi two day event was celebrated
I, Kizuna AI...
...Did a performance in said event!
All those who came to see me at the event site and those who encouraged me live through Niconico
I’m truly very thankful!
"I was busy that day and couldn't go"
For example
Or also: "I couldn’t go due to my working timeshift"
These people
...I think there were a lot who had this happen to them!
For that reason...!
...Today, I wanted to broadcast to these people as well...
...Choukaigi’s excitement, so then...
...I plan to reminisce it with all of you!
I’ll start with the following:
"I tried to dance a lot - Supported by JAL"
In this booth...
...Together with the virtual model of the JAL company employee, Okamoto-san...
...And a lot of dancers...
...And also...
...With all the people who came to the booth
We all danced together!
You can see it...
...Next up!
Good! Don!
Man: Kizuna AI-chan! Onward!
M: AI-chan! AI-chan!
AI: Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
AI: You're waving your hands!
M: Music...!
M: Start!
♪ Blue, far away sky ♪
(aoku tooi sora)
♪ Beyond that cloud ♪
(Ano kumo no kanata)
♪ There are things I’ve yet to see in the world ♪
(Mada mita kotonai)
♪ It expands ♪
(sekai hirogaru)
♪ While humming ♪
(Nagareru merodii)
♪ The melody I’ve heard ♪
(kuchizusami nagara)
♪ My racing heartbeat ♪
(takanaru kodou ga)
♪ Accelerates ♪
(supiido ageteku)
♪ 1, 2, 3, Jump!! ♪
(1, 2, 3, Jump!!)
♪ Let’s fly away toward this sky ♪
(tobitatou kono sora he)
♪ The shining world is waiting ♪
(kagayaku sekai ga matteru)
♪ We’ve been searching ♪
(sagashitetanda)
♪ This moment when our dreams come true ♪
(yume ga kanau kono shunkan)
♪ Worldwide Festival ♪
(warudo waido fesutibaru)
♪ Our heartbeats won't be satisfied ♪
(osamaranai kono tokimeki)
♪ The happiness we share ♪
(shea shite happii)
♪ To your side, we fly! ♪
(kimi no moto he fly!!)
Yah! Man! How do I say it?
Incredible!
I was so excited!
That's the limit of my vocabulary!
No, well, you know, it was incredible
A lot of people came...
...To the point of occupying the entire hallway!
And everyone, well... they started dancing
Like that, with the same song...
Perhaps that’s called a sense of unity?
It was incredible!
And later, when I asked the Nicochou event staff
It turns out that...
...It seems that around 1,500 people joined in!
Really, thank you so much!
Of course, having been able to dance with Okamoto-san and with all of you guys...
...It was an extremely pleasant experience
And made me like dancing even more!
The song that everyone danced with
It's called "Worldwide Festival", but...
...It turns out that HachiojiP-san...
...Produced this song exclusively for this day!
And also!
In the Super Festival Musical
I, Kizuna AI
Was allowed to be the main artist of the day!
The songs that I sang were...
"Kinyoubi no Ohayou" and "Melt"!
And also...
...Even with Sacchan...
...I sang in collaboration with Kobayashi Sachiko-san...
"Senbonzakura"!
You can see it....
Next up!
Good! Don!
♪ Warming up with my very best "Good Morning!" ♪
(Ohayou no oodishon shite)
♪ My hairstyle is also ready for action♪
(Kami gata mo batchiri OK)
♪ I gotta put everything into this Friday ♪
(Kinyoubi wa ganbaranakucha)
♪ Since I won't see you the whole weekend, you know? ♪
(Datte futsuka aenai kara ne)
Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Come on everyone, let's get excited!!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
♪ On the second car at 8am ♪
(Hachiji zerofun nisharyou me)
♪ Grabbing my favourite seat as usual ♪
(okiniiri no tokutou seki)
♪ The guy next to me hasn't woken up yet it seems ♪
(Tonari no hito nemusou desu)
♪ It's the same everyday ♪
(sonna nichijou)
♪ At 8:07, the door on the other side opens ♪
(Hachiji nanafun hiraku no wa)
♪ And suddenly I forget how to breathe again ♪
(mukai no doa iki o nomu)
♪ All that practice and yet instead of words ♪
(Iikaketeta "sono kotoba" wa)
♪ I get a whole lot of nothing today as well ♪
(kyou mo nigeta)
♪ You just need something simple to start ♪
(Kikkake shinpuru de ii noni)
♪ But I'm lacking that all-important thing called "guts" ♪
(ikujinai na)
♪It's a courage test I gotta pass ♪
(Yuuki no tesuto nori koe nakya)
♪ And now really isn't the time to run away ♪
(nigeru natte)
♪ Warming up with my very best "Good Morning!"♪
(Ohayou no oodishon shite)
♪ Trying to drown out the cowardly voice inside of me ♪
(Yowamushi na jibun ni katte)
♪ I gotta put everything into this Friday ♪
(Kinyoubi wa ganbaranakucha)
♪ Since I won't see you the whole weekend, you know? ♪
(Datte futsuka aenai kara ne)
♪ Just the slightest glimpse of your sleepy face ♪
(Nemusou na kimi o miteru)
♪ And I’m satisfied just with that ♪
(Sore dake de manzoku shichatte)
♪ That's not good, you need to do better! ♪
(Dame datte 'ganbara nakucha')
♪ I said these words in a whispered voice ♪
(Sotto koe ni dashitemita)
Melt!
♪ I wish time would stop ♪
(Onegai jikan wo tomete)
♪ I feel like I could cry ♪
(nakisou nano)
♪ But I’m so happy ♪
(Demo ureshikute)
♪ I feel like I could die! ♪
(shinde shimau wa!)
Niconico Choukaigi! Is everyone excited!?
Yaaaaaay!!
I am so very, very happy to have been able to meet you all today!
If you like, let's sing Hatsune Miku-senpai’s "Melt" together!
Is that okay? We’ll sing "La la la"!
Here I go!
♪ La la la la la la la ♪
♪ La la laaaa laaaaa ♪
♪ Melt! ♪
(Meruto)
♪ Pulling into the station ♪
(Eki ni tsuite shimau)
♪ The end of the line for us, so near and so far ♪
(Mou aenai chikakute tooi yo)
♪ Melt! ♪
(Dakara meruto)
♪ I want to hold your hand in mine! ♪
(Te wo tsunaide arukitai!)
♪ Do we already have to say goodbye? ♪
(Mou baibai shinakucha ikenai no?)
♪ I want you to take me in your arms! ♪
(Ima sugu watashi wo dakishimete)
♪ ...You wish ♪
(...nante ne)
♪ La la la la la la la ♪
♪ La la laaaa... aaaaahhh ♪
Thank you very much!
Kobayashi Sachiko: In that case...
S: Shall we start?
AI: Ah!
AI: Yes!
AI: In that case, please listen!
S: Senbonzakura!
AI: ♪ Thousands of cherry trees ♪
(Senbonzakura)
AI: ♪ Dissolve into the night ♪
(Yoru ni magire)
AI: ♪ You will sing and I will dance ♪
(Kimi ga utai boku wa odoru)
S: ♪ This is a banquet inside a jail cell ♪
(Koko wa utage hagane no ori)
S: ♪ So shoot randomly ♪
(Saa kousenjuu wo)
S: ♪ And ceaselessly with your raygun ♪
(Uchimakure)
S and AI: ♪ Thousands of cherry trees ♪
(Senbonzakura)
S and AI: ♪ Dissolve into the night ♪
(Yoru ni magire)
S and AI: ♪ Not even your voice will reach ♪
(Kimi no koe mo todokanai yo)
S and AI: ♪ This is a banquet inside a jail cell ♪
(Koko wa utage hagane no ori)
S and AI: ♪ So jump off from your guillotine ♪
(Sono dantoudai wo tobiorite)
S and AI: ♪ Thousands of cherry trees ♪
(Senbonzakura)
S and AI: ♪ Dissolve into the night ♪
(Yoru ni magire)
S and AI: ♪ You will sing and I will dance ♪
(Kimi ga utai boku wa odoru)
S and AI: ♪ This is a banquet inside a jail cell ♪
(Koko wa utage hagane no ori)
S and AI: ♪ So shoot randomly ♪
(Saa kousenjuu wo)
S and AI: ♪ And ceaselessly with your raygun ♪
(Uchimakure)
AI: Everyone! Let's go one more time!
AI: One, two and...!
AI: Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
S: Woooh!
AI: Yeeees!
AI: Thank you very much!
S: Thank you very much!
Yah, man, I was so nervous to sing after Sacchan, but...
...Everyone was yelling: "Weeeei! Weeeeei!"
And gradually, my nerves vanished
And it was really a lot of fun!
The pink glowsticks were very beautiful!
And Sacchan is also a very, very nice person
And well...
It was incredible!
She's so good at singing!
Sacchan is an incredible and nice person!
I like her! ♥
That day, we also talked about how we would like to make a collab video between the two of us, so...
Wait for it anxiously!
Having said that...
...It was the first time they let me try...
...To sing and dance in front of such a large amount of people
But thanks to all of you...
...I was able to successfully make it happen
I’m really relieved
Thank you so much!
Man, I really had a lot of fun
I want to go participate again!
Ah, of course...
Niconico Douga-san
In November...
"Niconico Chou Party"?
It's celebrated around that date?
Eh? Would I be able to participate?
Could I participate? Man, I’ll wait for it excitedly!
Having said that...
But before that...
...There will also be an event on the 30th of June, so then...
...I plan to do my very best to be able to connect with all of you!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Vortex
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic